Add grpc to integrations, add cncf logos to integrations (#4757)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/ecosystem/integrations.md

either integrated OpenTelemetry APIs and SDKs directly for native telemetry or
provide a first-party plugin that fits into their own extensibility ecosystem.

> You will find open source (OSS) projects at the top of the list, and commercial
> projects below. Projects which are part of the [CNCF](https://www.cncf.io/) show
> a small CNCF logo besides their name.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will find open source (OSS) projects at the beginning of the list; commercial
projects follow. Projects which are part of the [CNCF](https://www.cncf.io/) show
a small CNCF logo besides their name.

```
